# MarketingWriter

MarketingWriter is an intelligent marketing copy generation application powered by GitHub Models, Azure Container App, Streamlit and Generated by GitHub Copilot.

You can access the live application [here](https://demo.haxu.dev/Marketing_Content_Gen_%E6%99%BA%E8%83%BD%E8%90%A5%E9%94%80%E6%96%87%E6%A1%88).

## Features

- Generate complete marketing copy from user input ideas, bullet points, or product specifications.
- Support for selecting various product values and emotional values.
- Support for multiple language outputs, including English, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean.
- Generate copy based on user-specified age range and word count.
- Real-time display of generated copy.

## Implementation Details

### Tech Stack

- **GitHub Models with Azure OpenAI**: Used to generate content using large language model.
- **Streamlit**: Used to build the user interface.
- **Github Copilot: generate app code and solve problem**
- **Azure Developer CLI:** one-click journey for deployment

### Environment Variables

The application requires the following environment variables:

- `GITHUB_TOKEN`: GitHub token used to access the Azure OpenAI service.

### Step by Step Deployment

1. Create a folder for marketingwriter

   ```sh
   mkdir marketingwriter
   cd marketingwriter
   ```
2. Use azd init this template：

   ```sh
   azd init --template https://github.com/xuhaoruins/marketingwriter
   ```
3. update `.env` with your GitHub Token. You can create a new fine-grained PAT via the [Developer Settings section](https://github.com/settings/personal-access-tokens/new) in your account settings.

   ```sh
   GITHUB_TOKEN=your_github_token_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   ```
4. Start the app：

   ```sh
   azd up
   ```
